some of the most dangerous things that I've done on the job. I also consider
maybe being some of the most fun because I do have a tendency
to gravitate towards, you know, adrenaline rush type type thing. So,
you know, working with explosives, uh, jumping out of helicopters,
diving, working in small boats, launching from the back of Ah, L h
D at night where the sea states a little, Um, if he in a small boat
where you have the potential of getting overturned there on the well
deck and on the stern gate, you know, that could be kind of dangerous.
But also find those those challenges kind of exhilarating and fund.
So, um, you know, for me, things that look kind of dangerous have
a tendency to also turn in to be something that's enjoyable and fun.